What is a servlet?
What is the servlet life cycle? Which methods are called in this cycle?
What is the difference between the GET and POST HTTP methods?
What are some other HTTP methods?
What is the difference between a servletConfig and servletContext?
What is a deployment descriptor?
What is XML?
Well formed XML vs valid XML?
What is the difference between a DTD and XSD?
How do I preload a servlet in my web.xml?
How do I set init params for both servlet config and context?
What tags are used for mapping a servlet in the web.xml?
What is the servlet inheritance tree?
What is a filter?
How do I perform error handling with the deployment descriptor?
What is a front controller?
What is JSON?
JSON syntax?
What is AJAX?
What are the different states of AJAX?
What is the object we use for AJAX in javascript?
What triggers the different state changes of this object?
What is the name of the property that detects state changes?
How do I use AJAX to hit a servlet? How do I receive JSON back?
RequestDispatcher vs sendRedirect?
How do I get form data with servlets?
What is the PrintWriter?
What is Angular?
What is the purpose of Angular?
Explain the various files and their purposes within an Angular application.
What is the purpose of npm and webpack? 
What is linting?
What is bundling?
What is typescript?
What are the different access modifiers of angular?
What are the purposes of classes and decorators?
What are directives?
What are services?
What are modules?
What are pipes?
What is the purpose of components and HTML templates?
What is one-way data binding? Two-way data binding?
How do I perform the different data bindings?
What is string interpolation?
What is property binding?
What is event binding?
What is routing?
How do I perform routing?
What is RxJS?
How do I send HTTP requests in Angular?
What is the difference between promises and observables?
What is the difference between AngularJS and Angular 4+?
What is MVC?
What are the different lifecycle methods that can be used with components?
What is the purpose of package.json?


