What is the testing pyramid?
What is unit testing? How do you write true unit tests?
What is integration testing?
What is system testing?
What is user acceptance testing?
What are the types of user acceptance testing? What is the difference between them?
What is positive testing?
What is negative testing?
What is functional testing?
What is non-functional testing?
What is load testing?
What is stress testing?
What is spike testing?
What is ramp-up testing?
What is ramp-down testing?
What is usability testing?
What is exploratory testing?
What is exhaustive testing?
What is boundary testing?
What is equivalency testing?
What is smoke testing?
What is regression testing?
What is re-testing?
What is sanity testing? How is it different from basic regression testing?
What is blackbox testing?
What is whitebox testing?
What is manual testing?
What is the difference between quality assurance and quality control?
What is the difference between verification and validation?
What is a defect?
What’s the difference between a bug and an error?
What is the defect life cycle?
What is a test strategy document?
What is a test plan document?
What is a test case document?
What is a level of effort document?
What is a requirements traceability matrix?
What is a test summary document?
What is test-driven development?
What is behavior-driven development?
What are some examples of BDD frameworks?
What is data-driven testing?
What is keyword-driven testing?
What is a hybrid testing framework?
What is TestNG?
What are the annotations of TestNG? What does each annotation do?
What are some TestNG assertions?
How do I create test groups in TestNG?
Why would I use a data provider?
How do I create a data provider in TestNG?
How do I specify that a test method should use a data provider?
What are some of the tags used in the XML configuration of TestNG?
How do I disable a test in TestNG?
What is the Spring MVC Test Framework? What does the Spring MVC Test Framework allow us to do?
What is RestAssured? What does it allow us to do?
What is the benefit of using ResAssured?
What is Mockito?
What are some of the annotations of Mockito? What are they used for?
What is test automation?
What are the benefits of automating tests?
When should you automate tests? When shouldn’t you automate tests?
What is Selenium WebDriver?
What are the components of Selenium? What does each component do?
What are some of the implementations of WebDriver?
How do I use a WebDriver to load up a webpage?
How do I specify which driver I’m using and where to find it when setting up my WebDriver?
What is the page object model? Why do we use it?
What is PageFactory?
What is a WebElement?
What annotation is used to grab WebElements from a web page when using PageFactory?
What are the Selenium selectors/locators?
What is xpath? What does it stand for? What does it allow us to do?
What method do I use to send text to an input box with Selenium?
What method do I use to click on an element using Selenium?
How do I click on an alert box when using Selenium?
What are the different waits in Selenium? What is the difference between them all? How do I use them?
What is Cucumber?
What is Gherkin?
What are some Gherkin keywords? What does each of these keywords do?
What is a feature file?
What is Gluecode?
What is a Step Definition File?
How do I run a feature file and the Gluecode that was generated using that feature file?
What is a Test Runner?
What is Protractor?
What framework is Protractor built on top of?
What is Jasmine?
What engine does Jasmine use?

